## Result Folder structure

`Result` folder under current path(default) or output_folder set by user. A typical structure of `Result` is follows:

    Result
    ├── aligners
    │   └── star/bwa/hisat2/tophat2
    ├── peak_calling
    │   ├── macs2
    │   │   ├── macs2_A_group_A_normalized.bed
    │   │   └── ...
    │   ├── metpeak
    │   │   ├── metpeak_A_group_A_normalized.bed
    │   │   └── ...
    │   ├── meyer
    │   │   ├── meyer_A_group_A_normalized.bed
    │   │   └── ...
    │   └── matk
    │       ├── matk_A_group_A_normalized.bed
    │       └── ...
    ├── QC
    │   ├── fastp
    │   ├── fastqc
    │   ├── rseqc
    │   └── multiqc
    ├── samtools_sort
    │   └── sample_rename
    │       └── bam_for_resume
    └── result_arranged
        ├── annotation
        ├── diff_expression
        │   ├── htseq_count
        │   └── edgeR/deseq2
        ├── diffm6A
        ├── m6A_prediction_sites
        ├── merged_bed
        ├── motif
        ├── quantification
        └── final_results
* `aligners` are STAR/BWA/Hisat2/Tophat2 aligner outputs.<br>
* `peak_calling` stored the PeakCalling results of the four options tools.<br>
* `QC` stored Quality Control output generated by Fastp, FastQC, RSeQC and MultiQC.<br>
* `samtools_sort` contains all aligned reads of data, which are sorted (BAM files); `sample_rename` is rename of sorted BAM files for downstream analysis; `bam_for_resume` is rename of sorted BAM files for using the last designfile to resume the pipeline, in order to transfer generated results for other clusters.<br>
* `result_arranged` stores the analysis results including expression analysis (diff_expression), merge peaks by RobustRankAggreg (merged_bed), methylation analysis (quantification & diffm6A), prediction of m6A sites (m6A_prediction_sites), motif search (motif).<br>


**Output directory: `results/QC`**

* `fastp`
  * Store the results of Fastp.
* `fastqc`
  * Store the results of FastQC.
* `rseqc`
  * Store the results of RSeQC.
* `multiqc`
  * Store the results of MultiQC.

**Output directory: `results/samtools_sort`**  

* `sample_rename`
  * Store sorted renamed BAM files for downstream analysis.
* `bam_for_resume`
  * Store sorted renamed BAM files for resume the pipeline without Alignment.


**Output directory: `results/aligners/star(bwa/hisat2/tophat2)`**  

* `*.bam`
  * alignment result in bam format. 
      
**Output directory: `results/peak_calling`**  

* `macs2`
  * macs2*.normalized.bed are the peaks called by macs2, whose P-value is converted to log2(P-value).
* `metpeak`
  * metpeak*.normalized.bed are the peaks called by MeTPeak, which transfer bed12 format into bed6 format and P-value is converted into log2(P-value).
* `meyer`
  * meyer*.normalized.bed are the peaks called by Meyer, whose P-value is converted to log2(P-value).  
* `matk`
  * matk*.normalized.bed are the peaks called by MATK, whose P-value is converted to log2(P-value).

**Output directory: `results/results_arranged`**  
  * Store the analysis results of m6APipe   

 
